# How a Memory Champion Was Secretly Recruited
[00:00:00] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：What is going on here? This is wild. I was just minding my own business, being a memory guy, winning championships, breaking records, teaching people. It had become my career. I got on the call with a guy and right off the bat he said, "Have you ever heard of remote viewing?" And I was like, "No." I must have sounded so dumb. I didn't know. Then he asked me, "Have you heard of the Stargate program?" And I was like, "Yeah, I think I've heard about this." Maybe I went down some rabbit hole one night on YouTube, but it never really stuck with me.
[00:00:00] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：He then started to go into what it means and what remote viewing is. My first instinct was like, "Okay, this is a scam. He's going to start asking me for money or something."
[00:00:43] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Yeah.
[00:00:43] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：But he didn't.
[00:00:44] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：There are more chapters to this journey. You guys eventually go to Monroe Institute. You do the Gateway Retreat. You have some, let's just call them very interesting experiences.
[00:00:55] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Yeah. When I got there, I one of the first days I said to a person that I had made friends with and I said, "Hey, before we go to our little CHEC unit, she was in an upstairs room. I was in the corner here. Write down a four-digit number, put it on your desk." And the goal being to go and try to float over there and see it. And my whole session was around trying to perceive that number. And I remember the first like must have been the first 30 minutes. I'm just nothing. I'm very relaxed. It's like I and I almost like relaxed and let go of this expectation. And that's when I started to see like things that ping my ears where I saw kind of a wall and then it opened again and I was looking at a desk, a wooden desk
[00:01:38] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：And I could see this card, this note card that had four digits on it.
[00:01:45] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Nelson, you're truly one of the most brilliant and impressive minds I've ever encountered. And I know that you're going to reject that, which makes it even more true. but for people that don't know, man, you're a multi-time US memory champion, but on top of that, you've become interested in a lot of things that I am like very very centrally interested in. the psi, what's going on with consciousness itself, all of this stuff. And in particular, you have this like insane story about becoming interested in remote viewing. So, it's going to be a fabulous conversation, man.
[00:02:23] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Yeah. Well, first of all, thanks for having me on your show. It was a pleasure getting to hang with you recently on Chris's tour. but yeah, thanks for the compliments. and yeah, I would love to dive further into that. for your audience, where where do you want to start?
[00:02:38] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Yeah. No, it's truly well deserved, man. I think we have to start with remote viewing because also for people that don't know, you and Chris are really good friends. You've been friends for I don't How did you guys meet, by the way?
[00:02:52] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Yeah, I mean that's part of this whole story, too. I mean, I had
[00:02:56] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Dabbled with remote viewing already before Well, no, no, it was after, but it plays a part into Chris and I getting closer. But, I he you know, he's a magician. He's interested in the mind. so, he was
[00:03:13] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：I don't know how he found me, but he was looking for something about memory. You know, a lot of magic tricks involve a memorized stack. a Mnemonica stack is a very common one where it's just like a fixed order that magicians all use. And, you know, however you get it memorized is up to you. But, nobody has a technique for it. They just take as long as they need to memorize it. There are other stacks that have like a kind of hard to notice, but an order that help you memorize it. But either way, I think he was interested in memorizing for real quickly cards. So, he found me on Instagram and reached out to me.
[00:03:50] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：And it was a funny story cuz I had a friend growing up. Well, he wasn't even a friend. A close friend of mine, a female friend had a boyfriend who was terrible to her. and his name was Chris Ramsey. So, I had to hang out with a Chris Ramsey like
[00:04:05] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：20 years ago. Never liked the guy, but she was, you know, she couldn't get out of the relationship. So, when I saw Chris Ramsey in my inbox on Instagram, I was like, "What the heck does this guy want?" Like, my god. but it had a check mark next to it. So, I was like, "What did this what has this guy been up to? He's like,
[00:04:20] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Yeah,
[00:04:20] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Crushing it." No, it was the puzzle guy. So, I didn't know Chris, but I had definitely seen his videos and I was like, "Oh my god, my channel was just starting,
[00:04:30] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Kind of gaining some traction." I was like, "Oh, this would be amazing if he wants to work together." And he did. He wanted to learn from me. We did a couple videos. He flew me up there
[00:04:38] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：And that's that's where it all started.
[00:04:40] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：That's funny. Doing the repair work, resurrecting the good name of the Ramsies of the Chris Ramseies. But yeah, no, I ask because early on in Chris's channel, your guys' collaboration is actually what turned me on to his work in general. And that series that you guys did on remote viewing and going to Monroe Institute
[00:05:02] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Really lit a wick within, you know, my wonder because so so this was very early on in the days of Chris's channel Area 52. You know, it's become well known as this massive podcast now, but early on it was all centered around these big investigations which were essentially like these documentary deep dives on different subjects. And the one that you guys collaborated on was remote viewing Monroe Institute and sort of a I guess sort of an amalgamation of psi stuff.
[00:05:34] 其他发言者｜纪录片片段：There's just an overwhelming amount of evidence that says that this is a real thing.
[00:05:38] 其他发言者｜纪录片片段：I am the former operations and training officer for the Department of Defense Stargate program.
[00:05:45] 其他发言者｜纪录片片段：My name is Joseph McMoneagle. I was the first one recruited for the Stargate program. It was another kind of like crack in my reality and it's like I really don't know anything.
[00:05:58] 其他发言者｜纪录片片段：I fully believe what he is telling us. I got to rethink my world view now.
[00:06:03] 其他发言者｜纪录片片段：My unconscious has been doing something I have no idea. But now it's about ready to go.
[00:06:08] 其他发言者｜纪录片片段：That is a psychic disincentive right there.
[00:06:11] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：I don't if that's true. What does that mean about the universe? But it primarily revolved around out of body stuff and remote viewing. And your story, man, about how you got sort of like recruited in this weird sort of like gray market way to start doing remote viewing is just so wild, dude. So, please tell that story.
[00:06:33] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, I'll share that story and then weave it into how Chris kind of played a part after that. yeah, I was just minding my own business being a memory guy. I had been doing it at that point when I got into that when was that was yeah about 10 11 years I've been doing memory training you know nothing supernatural about what I do just practical memory training and thinking in my mind and you know storing information maybe that's paranormal to some extent we can get into that later but I never thought that you know it's just like we all have memory this is just a very structured, organized approach and that's what I had been doing, winning championships, breaking records, teaching people had become my career and over the years there's been people who approached me to documentaries you know to speak to groups, schools, companies and then there's always kind of like curious projects that have come at my footstep
[00:07:39] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：My doorstep and for example like joining a card counting team. That was a fun experience. I wanted to get a group, a rag tag group of memory athletes and have them
[00:07:50] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Learn blackjack count card counting techniques and use memory techniques to have an extra advantage. so I'm always open eared to things that people might approach me for for the use of memory that I might not even think of. So that's I'm I'm saying that because that's this is what that was. there was a Facebook group that I'm a part of where they posted a very not cryptic but just very vague post about, you know, side work for a memory athlete that there was a firm or some company looking for a couple memory athletes to do some part-time work. That's literally all it said. And I don't even know if I remember the name that had posted it. I was just curious you know like a side gig part-time memory stuff. Like how hard could it be? That's kind of cool.
[00:08:37] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：So, I just typed my name in as a comment and then I got my I got an email back from someone saying, "Yeah, when can you talk blah blah blah where where they think at that point they told me it was an investing firm and or trading firm and then yeah, I got on the call with a guy who right out the bat just said, you know, have you ever heard of remote viewing?" And I was like, "No, I must have sounded so dumb." You know, I just like I'd know. I didn't know. So he then further kind of explained he's like or questioned me, "Have you heard of the Stargate program?" Then I was like, "yeah, I think I'd heard about this." I don't know where I'd heard about it. Maybe down some rabbit hole one night on YouTube or something, but it never really stuck with me. It wasn't anything that I took seriously.
[00:09:30] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：He just kind of wasn't interested in as
[00:09:32] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Like, "Oh, wow. That would be cool if it was true, but I don't believe it."
[00:09:36] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：But anyways, he then started to go into what it means and what it was and what remote viewing is. And I was really like, my first instinct was like, "Okay, this is a scam. He's going to start asking me for money or something. Invest in me and go through this pro whatever, you know, something."
[00:09:53] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Yeah.
[00:09:54] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：But he didn't. he was like, "We will pay you." you know monthly and then they were going to train me how to remote view. They had a coach, they had hired a coach, a memor a remote viewing coach
[00:10:11] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：And they were going to have me work for a month every day. and there was another memory athlete involved too.
[00:10:18] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Actually a good friend of mine. We discovered that we were both kind of working on this thing and I'll talk about him later because he's interesting.
[00:10:25] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Anyways, we worked Yeah. So, sorry to interrupt. Has he come out to be like publicly that he was part of this as well?
[00:10:33] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：No.
[00:10:33] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Okay. So, yeah, he's from
[00:10:36] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：You could probably guess what country, but you can guess. He's from a country where they are very by the book very rigid and and stuff like this does not does not work that way.
[00:10:50] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：And I think his reputation also he was very concerned about it whether it got out. So he, you know, made sure that I didn't share and I haven't shared. but
[00:11:02] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Wow.
[00:11:03] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Yeah. He didn't have the same experience I did. He was very good. Apparently his results were better than mine. But he and we talked about it a lot, but he always said, you know, it was just luck, you know, confirmation bias, you know, he or you know, small sample size. He just
[00:11:20] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Yeah.
[00:11:21] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：I was like, okay. Anyways,
[00:11:23] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：That's really interesting. Yeah.
[00:11:25] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Yeah. So ultimately I worked for a month with this guy. and then the what we were training for eventually was to remote view or do associative remote viewing for daily tasks that would be for predicting the market. you know this this trading firm was owned by some guy who I never met honestly. I never even talked to him. I was talking to his underlings and they must have had a lot of FU money that they wanted to like try different things with and they had a team of remote viewers who I didn't meet. I only knew my other memory athlete guy. I guess the other people were not memory athletes
[00:12:05] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：From what I understood. but we were joining that team and what they would do is they would collect we would each do a session before the market. I forget if we did it before the day ended for the next day or be must have been that I wasn't too involved in like how my results were being applied. I just did the task. but they would pool our results kind of to get more you know,
[00:12:32] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：And this was like a few years ago now, right? Like this wasn't just like if they're like why are the details foggy? He's a memory champion. He should remember exactly how this went. It's probably something. Yeah,
[00:12:43] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：I just wasn't I was just wasn't brought in the loop. Like I did my task. I was going to be given a portion of the of the earnings. but it became very clear that this group was not very organized cuz I never saw any of the results like I kept asking like can I see have we started earning you know like how are we doing and how are we doing as a group? how am I doing? And I got information about how I was doing, but not necessarily the group. So, and it actually fizzled out pretty quickly. I remember that year I ended up going to Everest in May. So, I started training. I trained for the month of February and then we started doing these weekly tasks. I think we did three a week. Monday, Wednesday, Friday. something like that. And then it
[00:13:36] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：We didn't say this already, but Nelson also climbs mountains. I love to climb mountains.
[00:13:36] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Yes. So I was on an expedition that year and still kept it up. I was really into it.
[00:13:48] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：I should back up a bit in a moment just to talk about my experience there. But I was really into it at that point and didn't want to stop and thought I was part of something kind of life-changing for me that I discovered this thing and was starting to kind of believe in it. but then the tasks started being less regular, the communication got worse, and then it just no no silence, like nothing. and there ended up being something that happened
[00:14:17] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：With the CEO of the company that I don't really want to talk about because it was
[00:14:22] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Kind of
[00:14:23] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Yeah,
[00:14:24] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Like legal stuff, right?
[00:14:25] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Legal stuff. Nothing to do with remote viewing or anything, CA, nothing like that. It was just like u he was involved in some shady stuff.
[00:14:32] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Super scary.
[00:14:33] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：And I think he went to prison. So
[00:14:35] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Wow.
[00:14:36] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：I wanted to back the way.
[00:14:39] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：I mean it sort of makes sense that if you're doing like really weird
[00:14:43] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Attempting Yeah. below the belt potentially unscrupulous things to try to you know get a get an advantage in the market. Maybe you're also open. I mean, there's a big chasm between various different things, but but we won't we won't get into that.
[00:14:59] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：But it wasn't a like he I got paid. I got paid in crypto, which I still have. but they paid at least during the training. I never got any money from the earnings on their fund. But I was told that the fund that
[00:15:14] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：We remote viewers were working with was 1.1 million.
[00:15:19] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：So it was sizable,
[00:15:20] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：You know. which was why it was enticing. But who knows? Maybe
[00:15:23] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：That's what it grew to or that's where it started or
[00:15:26] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：That's what it started. That was the bankroll or whatever you want to call it, however you want to position it. but my experience going through it, you know, the first thing I thought when I signed up for this because my wife was like, "Don't do this. This is a waste of time. It sounds like a scam." I was like, "No, no, no. They're going to pay me." And she was like, "Yeah, sure. Sure. There's going to be an ask. It's going to be you paying them."
[00:15:44] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Yeah.
[00:15:45] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：And you're doing something that doesn't even exist. She doesn't really believe in that stuff. Neither neither did I. But then we you know I did a few sessions and I was just like you know what if I get paid which I think I will be cool make a few bucks and then I'll have a cool story you know like how wild that I got pulled into this and you know whether it's totally bogus or ends up being something cool. but I remember the first few sessions just being like this is so ridiculous like I'm pulling [ __ ] out of my ass. That's what it feels like, you know, that
[00:16:20] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：I kept asking him like, "What am I where am I getting information like out of out of nothing, you know?" And he's like, "Yeah, that's precisely it." And you know, all this this paranormal woowoo jargon that I was just like not prepared for. but I went along, you know, and did everything that he told me. And then I started to get little hits here and I'd of course fight it and be like, "What's going on here?" you know, is he setting this up subliminally and I'm getting them right? He's leading me to these answers and, you know, or maybe it's just
[00:16:54] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Confirmation bias or just like actually just luck. but then I started to get hits that were just too impossible to explain away. not that I would get everything right, but I was pretty good. I think my success my hit rate was like 58% or something like that. and then in remote associative remote viewing, you know, you're basically choosing between two outcomes and two images that you're remote viewing and then judging yourself which image outcome A which represents outcome A or outcome B
[00:17:28] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Which then translated behind the scenes to the market or or the specific stock going up or down, right? A binary case.
[00:17:36] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：And I would get it right 58% of the time. you know, if you're truly guessing, it should be closer to 50. was the sample size high? I mean, we didn't really get to do How many did I do? I mean, it must have been when we're actually doing stuff, you know, I worked through like June or something. So, it was three or so a week, you know, it wasn't many. So, you know,
[00:18:04] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Let's let's back up just a little bit and bring people up to speed on the differences in these different kinds of remote viewing because I think what most people imagine is, you know, there's like the sort of coordinate remote viewing sort of military tasking or you're trying to view or get information from a distant source.
[00:18:24] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：And that is one kind of remote viewing and that's what most people know of. But also alongside that in the project Stargate days, which again, why not? Let's back up further and talk about that for a minute. there's this formerly classified program started in the 70s at SRI, Stanford Research Institute, under these two physicists, Hal Puthoff and Russell Targ. Hal Puthoff and Russell Targ, the story goes, eventually start collaborating with this psychic named Ingo Swann. And this guy, Ingo Swann, essentially helps them develop this technique of psychic spying that they later call remote viewing.
[00:19:07] 其他发言者｜纪录片片段：Psychics, who were referred to as remote viewers, took part in a wide range of operations from locating hostages kidnapped by Islamic terrorist groups to tracing the paths of fugitive criminals within the United States. Now, in the world of remote viewing, one name stands out. Ingo Swann.
[00:19:24] 其他发言者｜纪录片片段：Ingo Swann claims to have used this astral body to travel to distant planets. He tells us how it feels to travel in this energy body.
[00:19:33] 其他发言者｜纪录片片段：This individual was instrumental in the development and advancement of remote viewing as a technique and helped bring it to the attention of the US government. Swann, a renowned artist and psychic, is often credited with developing the first systematic approach to remote viewing in the 70s. He had already gained some fame for his psychic abilities and was approached by scientists at SRI to participate in the research on psychic phenomena. He soon began to work with Dr. Hal Puthoff and Russell Targ, two of the leading researchers in the field of parapsychology. It was at SRI that Swann developed his unique approach to remote viewing, which he called coordinate remote viewing,
[00:20:11] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：That they later call remote viewing. And there's actually I've I've found us some interesting history lately that shines a light on groups that were probably connected to the US intelligence apparatus doing this before this, which is very interesting.
[00:20:27] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Yeah. you probably actually have heard of this because you said you started to read Phenomena by Annie Jacobsen, but early on in that book, she talks a lot about this guy Andrija Puharich or however you say that name.
[00:20:41] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Dude, I've been talking to this guy Greg Malloi on the show. once one episode that's out, another one that's about to come out.
[00:20:49] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：And dude, he he was essentially doing remote viewing in these weird like he'd put people in the Faraday cage.
[00:20:57] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Yeah. get get them in a hypnotic state or in a very slow brainwave state and query them with questions oftentimes trying to get them to access information from distant places or out of people's minds. and he is so he's a documentarian who has a documentary coming out on Puharich and he said that there's just a library of tapes and recordings of just insane stuff like hypnosis channeling sessions, remote viewing type stuff. And I asked him, I'm like, "Dude, do you think you are sitting on some potentially classified stuff?" And he's like,
[00:21:35] 主持人｜Michael Phillip："Yeah, 100%." and we both just laughed because it's it's just insane like how he stumbled into all this information. But the thing the bow on on all of this stuff is
[00:21:48] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：The standard story if you it's even in phenomenon I believe is you know Puharich is doing this stuff before this SRI crew invents remote viewing
[00:21:59] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：And but he's around and they're aware of him and he's sort of in the orbit. He ends up collaborating with Geller. they also sort of distance themselves from Uri Geller because you know he has this very
[00:22:11] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：We'll just say controversial reputation as both a stage magician and somebody who claims to have actual psychic abilities. Y
[00:22:17] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：But they distanced themselves from him. There's actually footage of Russell Targ and Hal Puthoff at in Austin with Puharich and Uri Geller. which is Yeah. So so there's more connections there than they want to admit. And Greg also uncovered I think an invoice or a receipt from SRI of them paying to Puharich. So it's actually it's more connected than people think. But but anyway, sorry for the for the for the sidebar, but but anyway, so that's sort of the story is in the 70s you have this protocol called remote viewing that gets developed and it's extremely controversial at the time, but it does well enough that it persists for like decades. And basically every intelligence agency uses them and their team to try to get intelligence.
[00:23:12] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Seemingly it goes from this small group at SRI into the army's hands under the DIA later and keeps going for for years and years after that. That's where you get these people like Joe McMoneagle, Paul Smith, etc., etc. So, so that's sort of the setup and along the way there are multiple kinds of remote viewing and multiple kinds of protocols developed. So, the one you're talking about is associative remote viewing. C can you explain a little bit how that how that works exactly?
[00:23:46] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Yeah. and I should even mention that like, you know, I think I think what Ingo Swann did that popularized remote viewing. I mean, it just gave some kind of extra sensory perception a name and a
[00:24:00] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Right protocol like a list of steps to do it to hand over to someone and teach them. and I think from that as it kind of permeated through different departments and programs, you know, there's different styles of it. and even today if you find someone teaching remote viewing there's probably different approaches but generally it's the same idea you know that you're obviously coming up with intuition thoughts from your intuition and painting a picture you know through without kind of naming things descriptive things. So you know people do it in different ways. The guy that taught me, I think he came from Ed May or Ed Dames.
[00:24:49] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Ed May or Ed Dames. Yeah. Not Ed. Not Ed. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ed May. Someone else.
[00:24:53] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Yeah. And so he came from a different kind of branch of that.
[00:24:58] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Some poo poo that way, others, you know, find it the same. What
[00:25:03] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：It's funny, but it's all it's all kind of the same. But anyways,
[00:25:06] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Yeah, and we should sorry sorry to interrupt again, but we should after this we should sidebar into Ed Dames because he passed away recently.
[00:25:13] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：He did.
[00:25:14] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：And yeah, he did. and to your point, yeah, he's a very controversial part of this school of remote viewers. And you and Chris actually met him, right?
[00:25:23] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Or was it just Chris?
[00:25:25] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：No, no, we went together. He was he was the first
[00:25:28] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Person we got a hold of that agreed to spend time with us. And yeah, we spent a whole day and a half with him. great nice guy. Had some crazy wild ideas.
[00:25:42] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：But we all do.
[00:25:44] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Well, well, he's known as the guy who had an obsession with anomalous or esoteric targets.
[00:25:51] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：That's true. Yeah.
[00:25:52] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Yeah. So when he was at Fort Meade with all these other remote viewers, he would often be like he he would try to have them he would task them when they weren't doing anything like try to remote this
[00:26:05] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：UFO thing that happened, try to remote view
[00:26:08] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：You know the Ark of the Covenant, try to remote view all these distant planets and stuff like that, which
[00:26:16] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Is super interesting.
[00:26:18] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Yeah. Like why not, you know?
[00:26:19] 主持人｜Michael Phillip：Yeah. Yeah. Totally. But yeah, but then these guys who were more results-oriented and sensitive to the idea that your bias, your desire is going to start to contaminate the results obviously. And plus, you're never going to get the feedback on whether this can be real or not. Yeah.
[00:26:43] 嘉宾｜Nelson Dellis：Yeah. You see, you don't know. You know, like true remote viewing, you get feedback like are you correct or not?
